Fix doc that talked about “throwing” an event (#25958)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/html/element/form/index.md

    - `post`: The {{HTTPMethod("POST")}} method; form data sent as the [request body](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Request/body).
    - `get` (default): The {{HTTPMethod("GET")}}; form data appended to the `action` URL with a `?` separator. Use this method when the form [has no side effects](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Idempotent).

>     - `dialog`: When the form is inside a {{HTMLElement("dialog")}}, closes the dialog and emits a submit event on submission without submitting data or clearing the form.

Reviewer: Should we use _“fires”_ instead?

>     - `dialog`: When the form is inside a {{HTMLElement("dialog")}}, closes the dialog and emits a submit event on submission without submitting data or clearing the form.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `dialog`: When the form is inside a {{HTMLElement("dialog")}}, closes the dialog and causes a submit event to be fired on submission, without submitting data or clearing the form.
```
